feat(DES-3348): Improve the game of life project (#4)
gbtec-ag/game-of-life: README.md

    * Download and use [gbtec.importorder](https://github.com/gbtec-ag/biccloud-dev-tools/blob/master/eclipse/preferences/Java/Code%20Style/Organize%20Imports/gbtec.importorder) in "Import Order from file"

## Learning path
1. You can learn Java basics at:  
https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-java
2. Find good information about John Conway's Game of Life in the internet and understand the rules

## Working with GIT
* Checkout this repository from GitHub

> * Create a new branch from `Development`. Name your branch like the number of your Jura ticket, starting with `feat/` prefix (e.g. `feat/DES-1234`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a new branch from `development`. Name your branch like the number of your Jira ticket, starting with `feat/` prefix (e.g. `feat/DES-1234`)
```

* Push this branch to the remote repository
* While working on the code, commit the code changes in small chunks describing your changes shortly in the commit message
* Everytime you finish a subtask, push all related commits to the remote repository

## Application

> * This app is splits into two parts: client and server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This app is split into two parts: client and server
```

* To start the whole application (in your IDE / IntelliJ):
  * Go to the project explorer
  * Find a file named `GameOfLIfeApplication`
  * Right-click on the file
  * Select `Run 'GameOfLifeApplication'`

> * After the application is started, you can reach the client in your browser via following url: `localhost:8081`

Reviewer: Make the link clickable:
```suggestion
* After the application is started, you can reach the client in your browser via http://localhost:8081
```

* The client-part provides buttons `Init`, `Next`, `Play` and `Stop` which will trigger methods inside the server
* With button `Play` you have also additional integer value which should be used as a delay for continuous rendering of generations

> * To have you generation printed on the UI you need first to connect to the server. This is what the `Connect` button is for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To have your generation printed you need to connect to the server first using the `Connect` button.
```

> * If you have done some changes in the code, you need to restart the application and also reconnect the client by clicking `Connect` on the web UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you have done some changes in the code, you need to restart the application and also reconnect the client by clicking `Connect` in the web UI.
```

## Development

> * Your entry point is the file named `GameOfLifeService` inside a package named `custom`

Reviewer: For naming, see my comment below.

Author: Is saw and probably need to rethink .. but "service" as a package name is not right here ... at least how it was intended

> * There you already have an example implementation inside a `init`-method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As a reference, see the example implementation inside the `init` method
```

* Also, you have methods named `next`, `play` and `stop` available

>   * Like described in the `Application`-section, this methods will trigger if you click corresponding buttons on the ui

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Like described in the `Application`-section, these methods will trigger if you click the corresponding buttons in the UI
```

Reviewer: This comment is still open

> * To render your generation on the UI, you need to call `drawGeneration` method with the data which needs to be rendered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To render your generation from the UI, you need to call the `drawGeneration` method with the data which needs to be rendered
```

  * See example in the `init` method

>   * The length and height of your generation data matrix must equal (e.g. `16x16`), otherwise it will render incorrectly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The length and height of your generation data matrix must match (e.g. `16x16`), otherwise it will render incorrectly
```

> * Feel free to create additional classes if it helps to you to organize your code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Feel free to create additional classes if it helps to organize your code
```
